the the Hurst has been a very important
part of the Invictus to you know like
back in the 60s we drove around in a
1955 cadillac hearse and friend of yours
dave painted it all up for us we bought
it we bought it used from a junkyard i
believe and had it painted and he did
all the graphics and it really came out
beautifully had racing stripes on it
racing stripes it was a great looking
great looking vehicle in fact we uh we
even raced at one time we brought it to
Spencer Speedway and we drag raced it
and there was only it really was no
other card its category so one of the
owners had a buick station wagon one of
the owners of spencer speedway had a
Buick stage way created a new category
for us which was like the X X cars if we
drag race the Buick and in lust but it
was great it was a great promotional G's
for us the other thing that a crowd
loved us we remember is driving it we
were going to buffalo one time and we
didn't realize the edible oil inside and
a burned oil in the engine seized on a
throw away the new york state through it
and Mark our original guitar player got
out and it wasn't much traffic or
something he's out jumping around the
toi until the state trooper happened to
combine the other side he actually got a
ticket and it's set in a ticket dancing
on the throwing you got a ticket for
that I'll never forget that mark is the
only guy in history I got a ticket for
dancing on the tour and he had to come
back and go to court in this little town
and Nick needless to say the people in
the court and the judge got a big big
kick out of marks ticket for dancing in
the Thruway and now and putting you
don't think that I think they didn't
find in finally a lot of money it's like
classic that you were doing or what I
was dancing on the two-way you mean
that's against the law yeah I know you
should be allowed right now when we put
the band back together we had to get
another hurts I mean you can't do it
with pictures I mean the invictus have
to have a hearse so we had quite a
discussion amongst the guys in the band
did we really need another hearse I felt
that it was important so surf the
internet founder hearse with a
customized back seat in it in Oklahoma
City actually owned by a an emergency
room doctor and this guy I mean very
unusual guide and it's got skeletons all
over it but we had it shipped to upstate
New York had all painted up and now
we're back on the road with a 1984
Cadillac there's people love it driving
out here to this gig a couple motorcycle
guys passed me and gave me a fist up in
the air and add and they people have to
data today I was gassing it up some guy
Poland he said boy that brings back a
lot of memories there's actually another
reason we got the hearse since we're a
lot older today we're figuring it if
something happens to one of us were well
taken care of at least we got the hearse
that saves that iron man it cuts out
inductions funerals are expensive
nowadays oh we use mean if you raising
back if in the band doesn't take off
like that i have told met the hearses in
a kind of a blast well if something
happens to one of us we've got to play
in the hump at a funeral the real
exactly but we've made a track that
we're going to do that
so that's right and then the hump came
out mid sixties and go and in Boston
number one in Miami down the top 100 in
the country and we were just a bunch of
young kids having a good time in college
I remember when a hump chemo local
station in Rochester New York which is
an am station at the time and am was WV
BF w BBF hated us because we were the
bad boys of Rochester we didn't follow
the format and you could call it in the
hump came out at the same time eight
days a week by the Beatles came up and
you could call in every day in both of
your favorite record and every day we
were number one and they had to play the
hump throughout the day and must I kill
these guys who do it and there was a
local other station w SI y and there was
like the underground station and they
play all our music all the time which
may be made it more popular so it was a
lot of fun when we did that job at we
had a battle of man contest where we
were highlighted we put it on we got
four bands to play for nothing and we
got paid and we got the guys from WV BF
and God we mocked him to know and i'll
never forget that so it was a gift back
time but we were always considered kind
of the bad boys in roster because at
that time we were doing things that
other fans weren't doing first band have
a light system the first man that have a
hearse so we're always pretty good at
playing who's hurt pretty good at market
it's funny we're still considered the
bad boys of Rochester that's right we're
out of the garage again well and you
know will
humm be banned again we wonder will it
be banned in Boston I guess that's okay
no probably now they're playing their
churches it wasn't song that was bad it
was a connotation because the words if
you listen to me have nothing to do with
anything was the title it was the title
and a suggestive dance that's obviously
we didn't do on stage yes we had a later
on but not that stage but it was a
connotation that got it we actually had
to rerecord and change it to the hook
yeah which I know where it would you
know infuriated right and remember the
we were playing in newark i think it was
one time and police officer threatened
to arrest us and we played the hop well
the crowd was ready to riot and thank
God the police back down because there
would have been some some problems with
the crowds they want us to play dog
wherever we went we had to play behind